alpha: top dog.
beta: test version.
gamma: kind of ray.
delta: triangular formation.
epsilon: electomotive force symbol.
zeta: sixth-brightest star in a constellation.
theta: angle denoter.
kappa: letter after beta in a society's name.
lambda: upside-down v.
omicron: pi preceder.
omega: horseshoe-shaped.
twin: certain bed size.
guesswho: comment made while covering someone's eyes.
madam: "dear sir or ___".
income: revenue.
corn: ears that can't hear.
ball: event for cinderella.
veto: ban.
dplus: 67-69, gradewise.
level: even.
lamed: crippled.
solo: han who's the title role of a 2018 film.
advent: an arrival or coming, esp one which is awaited.
assume: take the case to be true; accept without verification or proof.
take in: take up mentally.
deception: an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers.
decibel: a longarithmic unit of sound intensity.
dechlorinate: remove chlorine from (water).
decertify: cause to be no longer approved or accepted.
phew: sigh of relief.
eggs: they may be beaten and eaten.
harmony: togetherness.
realsoon: not too far from now.
alee: the side of a ship that's sheltered from the wind.
soho: londoners and new yorkers both have a neighbourhood bearing this name.
smee: captain Hook's right-hand man in Peter Pan.
common: available anywhere.
boat: a small vessel for travel on water.
rich: possessing material wealth.
salt: add zest or liveliness to.
sick: deeply affected by a strong feeling.
canoe: small and light boat that is pointed at both ends.
attic: a low wall at the top of the entablature.
ferry: a boat that transports people or vehicles across a body of water.
salty: the taste of sea water.
weird: strikingly odd or unusual.
absurd: a situation in which life seems irrational and meaningless.
clever: showing inventiveness and skill.
brilliant: shining intensely.
different: not ordinary.
eccentric: a person with an unusual or odd personality.
hysterical: excessive or uncontrollable emotion.
debug: put through beta testing.
treenail: a wooden peg used to fasten timber.
trainee: the one who receives training.
taborine: a small drum.
serotine: a european bat.
senorita: an unmarried spanish girl or woman.
retained: kept possession of.
resonate: to resound.
reobtain: to obtain again.
relation: an association between people or things.
reinstal: to install again.
regional: somwthing that serves as a region.
reaction: the act of reacting.
organise: to form into an organic whole.
oriental: an inhabitant of an eastern country.
organdie: a cotton fabric.
obtainer: one that obtains.
notary: a public official who can certify documents.
legation: the sending of an officail envoy.
interage: including people of various ages.
insolate: to expose to the sun's rays.
ignaro: an ignorant person.
idolater: one that worships idols.
baritone: a deep male voice.
asteroid: a rocky object found in orbits.
arsenite: a chemical salt.
aroint: to frighten away.
ajar: partly open.
jack: to raise with a type of a lever.
jagg: to cut unevenly.
join: to unite.
just: fair,impartial.
aqua: water.
qadi: a muslim judge.
quad: to space by means of quadrats.
quip: to make witty remarks.
quit: to depart from or stop.
quiz: to interrogate.
coax: to cajole, to persuade by flattery.
exec: an executive officer.
exed: to cross out.
exit: to go out.
expo: a public exhibition.
faux: not genuine; fake.
flex: to bend.
flax: the fibers of the plant linum.
jinx: to bring bad luck to.
jynx: a bird related to the woodpecker.
luxe: luxury.
lynx: a short-tailed wildcat.
maxi: a long skirt or coat.
next: the person or thing that comes immediately after.
onyx: a variety of quartz.
oryx: an african antelope.
plex: a short form of multiplex.
roux: a mixture of butter and flour.
text: to send a text message via mobile phone.
azon: a radio-controlled aerial bomb.
azym: unleavened bread.
bize: a cold wind in switzerland.
bozo: a dim witted fellow.
buzz: to make a vibrating sound.
chez: at the home of (prep).
chiz: to cheat (v).
cozy: t attempt to get on friendly terms.
czar: an emperor or king.
daze: to stun.
ditz: a silly person.
doze: to sleep lightly.
dzho: a cross between a yak and a cow.
faze: to unsettle.
fizz: to make a hissing or sputtering sound.
fozy: lacking freshness.
friz: to curl hair tightly.
futz: to spend time aimlessly.
gaze: to look intently.
geez: a mild oath.
gizz: a wig.
haze: to make a shimmering vapour.
hazy: unclear.
laze: to pass time idly.
kuzu: a thickening agent used in macrobiotic.
lazy: to move or lie sluggishly.
lutz: a jump in figure skating.
maze: to bewilder.
mazy: full of confusing turns and passsages.
mzee: an old person in east africa.
nazi: a type of fascist.
ooze: to leak slowly.
orzo: rice-shaped pasta.
ouzo: a greek liqueur.
pize: to strike somebody.
ritz: pretenious display.
size: to cover with a weak gluey material.
spaz: a clumsy, foolish, or incompetent person.
whizz: to move rapidly with a hissing sound.
zero: to aim at the centre of a target.
zoom: to move with a buzzing sound.
alone: solo, "home ___".
arena: it often has a ring in the middle.
atone: make amends, do penance.
eerie: spine-tingling.
enter: door sign.
opera: "soap ____".
irene: title woman in a Jim Carrey movie.
irate: furious, seeing red.
erato: poet's muse.
erase: rub out, prepare for reuse, blank tapes?.
aloe: "___ vera", healing balm, african lily.
area: it may have a code, "nonesomking ____".
eden: Adam and Eve locale.
oreo: dunkable treat, snack since 1912.
idea: something to think about.
else: otherwise.
adhocracy: a system of flexible and informal organization and management in place of a rigid bureaucracy.
apodictic: necessarily true or logically certain.
asperity: the quality of being hard to endure, uninviting or formidable.
beatitiude: a statr of supreme happiness or blessedness.
capricious: changeable; determined by chance or impulse or whim rather than nesessity or reason.
captious: tending to find and call attention to faults.
choleric: easily moved to anger.
denouement: the unraveling of a plot or story; the outcome of a complex sequence of events.
dilatory: slow to act; intended to cause delay.
ekistics: the study of human settlements.
extempore: with little or no preparation or forethought.
fecundity: fertility or productiveness.
lumpen: a member of the crude and uneducated lowest class of society; mentally sluggish.
mendacious: dishonest; given to lying.
mephistophelian: characteristic of a devil; wicked.
nugatory: having little to no value.
opsimath: a person who begins to learn or study only late in life.
ornery: bad-tempered, irritable or very difficult and contrary.
peccadillo: a petty misdeed, sin, offense.
pellucid: transparent or clear( physically and metaphorically).
percipient: discerning and quick in perceiving.
phulogeny: the history or evolutionary development of something (ex species).
prolixity: boring, drawn out verbosity.
rubric: an established rule, tradition, or custom.
sardonic: humorously mocking, scornful, or cynical.
schadenfreude: delight taken in another's misfortune.
sedentary: spending much time sitting and taking little exercise.
teleology: explanation of phenomena in terms of a design or end purpose rather than in terms of their causes.
timorous: having a timid or fearful disposition.
truculent: scathingly harsh, ferocious.
unctuous: fatty, oily, or greasy.
venial: forgivable or pardonable.
verdant: green and lush with grass or other rich vegetation.
vitrine: a glass cobinet for displaying and protecting delicate items.
washington: hero of the american revolution.
adams: the only US president whose vice president ran against him to succeed him was John ____.
jefferson: a US president who was also an architect, musician and inventor.
madison: picture of a $5,000 bill.
monroe: american president nicknamed Last of the Cocked Hats.
wilson: WWI president.
clown: a person who amuses others by ridiculous behavior.
wags: moves from side to side.
mime: act out without words but with gestures and bodily movements only.
fool: a person who lacks good judgment.
punch: deliver a quick blow to.
yahoo: a widely used search engine for the web that finds information, news, images, products, finance.
joker: a playing card that is usually printed with a picture of a jester.
banana: elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit.
doodle: draw aimlessly.
farmer: a person who operates a farm.
jester: a professional clown employed to entertain a king or noblemen in the Middle Ages.
acrobat: an athlete who performs acts requiring skill and agility and coordination.
bungler: someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence.
lunatic: insane and believed to be affected by the phases of the moon.
parvenu: newcomer.
peasant: ill-bred person lacking culture or refinement.
punster: someone overly fond of making puns.
schmuck: a jerk.
upstart: a person who has suddenly risen to higher economic status but has not gained social acceptance of others in that class.
comedian: a professional performer who tells jokes.
bourgeoise: a member of the middle calss being of the property-owning class and exploitive of the working class (marxist thought).
hillbilly: a disparaging term for an unsophisticated person.
pantaloon: trousers worn in former times.
prankster: someone who plays practical jokes on others.
ringmaster: a person in charge of performances in a circus ring.
provincial: (roman catholic church) an official in charge of an ecclesiastical province acting under the superior general of a religious order.
nouveauriche: French, people who acquired their wealth within their own lifetime.
sandman: an elf in fairy stories who sprinkles sand in shildren's eyes to make them sleepy.
ducecap: a cone-shaped hat formerly placed on the head of slow or lazy pupils.
nolie: I kid you not.
wars: hawks push them.
memento: keepsake.
oral: kind of exam.
ashton: Kutcher of  'that 70's show'.
elle: 'Legally Blonde' girl.
helpful: lending a hand.
backtoschool: like some August sales.
less: minus.
slimy: morally reprehensible.
luigi: Nintendo brother.
bgame: not one's best effort, in sports.
fill: occupy completely.
sitcom: 'Parks and Recrearion'.
kneecap: patella.
unclesam: patriotic finger-pointer.
linus: 'peanuts' boy with a blanket.
tothe: ___point (concise).
haiti: Port-au-Prince's land.
veto: presidential prerogative.
soon: procrastinator's promise.
emit: radiate.
coati: relative of a raccoon.
avast: Sailor's cry.
evil: Satan's doings.
onion: Satirical news site, with 'the'.
tabasco: sauce in a Bloody Mary.
ucla: Sch that plays home football games at the Rose Bowl.
maim: seriously wound.
reba: singer McEntire.
apnea: sleep disorder.
wrap: Tortilla sandwich.
goofs: wastes time, with 'off'.
crosscountry: way to run or ski.
urls: web addresses.
arco: West Coast gas brand.
surewhynot: 'what's there to lose?'.
icon: word after computer or fashion.
eatapeach: 1972 platinum album by the Allman Brothers Band.
kilo: about 2,2 pounds, for short.
owen: actor Wilson of 'Midnight in Paris'.
jennifer: actress Aniston.
yeas: affirmative votes.
alvinailey: American Dance Theater founder.
supe: apartment building overseer, informally.
awed: blown away.
gorgonzola: blue-veined Italian cheese.
awashin: completely covered with.
aplea: cop___ (confess in return for lighter punishment).
staysaway: doesn't get near.
orlon: DuPont fiber.
ester: ending with poly-.
docs: ER figures.
data: facts and figures.
soar: fly high.
pales: gets whiter.
groundscrew: group preparing a ball field for a game.
floe: ice sheet.
etta: James of jazz.
tunasashimi: Japanese delicacy in thin slices.
amor: Latin love.
watts: light bulb units.
easy: like Monday crosswords, relatively speaking.
idle: not working.
tailor: one always making adjustments to the job.
expat: one living abroad, informally.
asset: opposite of a liability.
less: not so much.
snap: '____ out of it!'.
mtfuji: peak near Tokyo, Abbr.
roget: Peter who compiled a book of synonyms.
aegis: protection.
raps: releases of Drake and Cardi B.
torn: ripped.
ohno: 'say it isn't so!'.
ptas: school groups.
snip: scissors sound.
emit: send off, as rays.
indeep: seriously involved.
strati: sheetlike gray clouds.
espadrille: shoe that ties around the ankle.
sade: 'Smooth Operator' singer, 1995.
ashblondes: some women with light-colored hair.
asti: sparkling Italian wine.
pollen: stuff that may make you go 'Ah-choo!'.
rings: the Audi symbol has four of them.
road: the Beatles' 'Abbey___'.
ignore: tune out.
ululate: wail in grief.
pane: window section.
nofat: 0% in the dairy aisle.
omoo: 1847 novel of the sea.
edges: a cylinder has two.
oshea: actor Milo.
dolly: aid for a tracking shot.
siege: all-out attack.
itoo: 'Am ___ sensitive?'.
fiefie: angry shakespearean cry.
tarsi: ankle bones.
ayear: annually.
abba: band with a symmetrical logo.
motrin: big name in pain relief.
atasket: bit of nonsense in a #1 Ella Fitzgerald hit.
mini: bite-size.
sucre: Bolivian capital.
sunoco: brand with an arrow through its logo.
boat: bath toy.
berniemac: comic who acted in 'Ocean's Eleven'.
draco: constellation between Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.
have: consume.
karo: corn syrup brand.
tgif: cry at a happy hour, maybe.
whoo: cry of excitement.
narrated: did some documentary work.
quail: draw back in fear.
gross: 'eww!'.
were: existed.
sibelius: 'Finlandia' composer.
yves: first name in fashion.
nine: fluorine's atomic number.
adhoc: formed for a particular purpose.
zester: gadget for lemons.
receipts: gate.
acquiretickettoride: get a copy of a 1965 #1 Beatles hit?.
banters: goes back and forth (with).
elite: highest-level.
craniumtwister: incredibly hard puzzle.
above: upstairs.
about: approximately.
abuse: to hurt or injure by maltreatment.
actor: a person who behaves in the manner of a character.
acute: extremely sharp or severe.
admit: to grant to be real, valid, or true.
adopt: to become the owner or caretaker of(a pet, especially one from a shelter).
adult: one who has attained maturity or legal age.
after: behind in place or order.
again: once more.
agent: one that acts or has the power or authority to act.
agree: to share an opinion or feeling.
ahead: in advance, before.
alarm: sudden fear or concern by the realization of danger or an impending setback.
album: a set of musical recordings that are issued together.
alert: watchful.
alike: similar.
alive: living.
allow: to let do or happen.
alone: solitary.
along: in accordance with.
alter: to change or make different.
among: in the midst of; surrounded by.
anger: a strong feeling of hostility.
apple: _____ of one's eye.
apply: to put into action.
arena: an enclosed area for the presentation of sports events and spectacles.
argue: to put forth reasons for or against; debate.
arise: to come into being.
array: an orderly, often imposing arrangement.
basic: fundamental.
basis: a fact or circumstance on which something is established.
being: a person.
billy: a metal pot or kettle used in camp cooking.
bench: a long seat often without a back.
black: racial group of African origin.
blame: to consider responsible for a misdeed.
blind: sightless.
block: a solid piece of a hard substance.
blood: fluid consisting of plasma, blood cells and platelets.
board: a long flat slab of sawed lumber.
bound: headed or intending to head in a specified direction.
booth: small often enclosed compartment usually accommodating one person.
boost: to increase.
brain: informal, an extremely intelligent person.
brand: a trademark.
brief: short in time, concise.
breed: to produce offspring.
buyer: customer.
cable: ____ television.
calif: the civil and religious leader of a Muslim state.
civil: less common word for civic.
chest: a sturdy box.
china: high quality porcelain.
claim: to state to be true.
clear: free from clouds, mist or haze.
close: near in space or time.
almost: slightly short of.
cover: to place something upon or over so as to protect or conceal.
crowd: a throng.
craft: to make or construct with care of ingenuity.
coach: a bus designed for long-distance passenger service.
click: a brief, sharp sound.
class: a kind of category.
chief: one who is highest in rank or authority, a leader.
cheap: stingy.
coast: land next to the sea.
court: pay ____ to; woo.
crash: to break violently.
cross: a crufix.
curve: bend.
drill: an exercise for teaching a skill by repetition.
drawn: haggard, as form of fatigue or ill health.
draft: a current of air in an enclosed area.
dream: an unrealistic hope.
delay: to postpone.
enemy: one who opposes or is hostile to an idea or cause.
entry: a means or a place by which to enter.
false: contrary to fact or truth.
fault: a character weakness, especially a minor one.
final: last.
flash: to give off light.
forum: a medium for open discussion or voicing of ideas.
frank: sincere.
fraud: a cheat.
giant: a person or thing of great size.
globe: the earth.
grade: a number indicating a student's level of accomplishment.
guess: to predict.
hence: therefore.
harry: to disturb.
henry: the SI unit of inductance.
inner: located or occurring farther inside.
japan: to coat with a glossy finish.
joint: a place at which to things are joined.
jones: an addiction or craving.
jimmy: a short crowbar with curved ends.
judge: to form an opinion.
mayor: the head of government of a city.
maybe: uncertainty.
match: one that is exactly like another.
maria: a dark region of considerable extent on the surface of the moon.
march: to walk steadily and rhythmically forward in step with others.
maker: one that makes or manufactures.
major: greater than others in importance or rank.
magic: the art or practice of using charms, spells, or rituals to attempt to produce supernatural effects or control events in nature.
loose: no fastened, restrained, or contained.
logic: valid reasoning.
level: a relative degree, as of achievement, intensity, or concentration.
least: superlative of little.
layer: a depth or level.
laser: used to remove tattoos.
large: of greater than average size.
label: a descriptive term.
known: proved or generally recognized.
prime: first or highest in rank or importance.
press: to iron (clothing, for example).
place: an area with definite or indefinite boundaries.
plain: obvious to the perception or mind; evident.
pilot: one who operates or is licensed to operate an aircraft in flight.
phase: a temporary manner, attitude or pattern of behavior.
paint: the face cards in a deck of cards (slang).
panel: a section of a telephone switchboard.
occur: to take place; happen.
ought: to express a desire or wish on the part of the speaker.
order: a command.
ocean: the entire body of salt water that covers more than 70% of the earth's surface.
newly: recently.
nurse: doctor's assistant.
never: not at all.
novel: strikingly new, unusual.
movie: film.
mount: to climb or ascend.
motor: a machine that produces or imparts motion.
moral: the lesson taught by a fable.
prove: to establish the truth or validity of something.
prize: something won of offered as an award.
prior: preceding in time or order.
plant: a person or thing 'placed' in a group of spectators to influence behavior.
pound: a unit of weight.
price: the cost.
pride: a sense of one's own proper dignity or value.
point: sharp end.
pitch: to throw.
plate: a license '_____'.
paper: news'___'.
scope: the range of one's perceptions, thoughts, or actions.
scene: behind the '____'.
royal: of or relating to a monarch.
rural: relating to the country.
route: road.
robin: north American songbird.
river: a large natural stream of water emptying into an ocean.
rival: one who attempts to equal or surpass another, or who pursues the same object as another.
right: correct.
refer: to direct to a source for help or information.
ready: prepared.
reach: extend.
ratio: relation in degree or number between two similar things.
rapid: great speed.
range: an amount or extent of variation.
raise: elevate.
radio: a device, such as a walkie-talkie, that transmits or receives such signals.
quite: truly.
quiet: the quality or condition of being quiet.
quick: speedy.
queen: a female sovereign.
stuck: informal baffled or nonplussed.
stuff: unspecified material.
study: the effort to acquire knowledge.
strip: to remove an exterior coating.
stock: a supply accumulated for future use.
still: not moving or in motion.
state: a condition or mode of being.
steam: the vapor phase of water.
stand: to remain valid, effective or unaltered.
smith: a metalworker.
solve: to find an answer for a problem.
staff: an aid in walking or climbing.
solid: of definite shape and volume.
spare: to use or supply with restraint.
sorry: sorrow.
slide: glide.
skill: talent.
sight: field of vision.
since: continuously from.
share: portion.
shelf: bedrock.
short: not tall.
shock: sudden distress.
shell: the external part of the ear.
sharp: abrupt or acute.
shape:  the figure.
unity: state of being united into a whole.
union: alliance.
under: lower.
undue: excessive.
twice: in two cases or on two occasions.
treat: to handle in a certain way, often used with as.
trend: current style.
track: a succession of marks left by something that has passed.
touch: come in contact with.
title: a heading.
topic: subject.
today: the present.
tight: snug.
throw: propel.
these: plural of this.
theme: a subject of artistic representation.
those: plural of that.
terry: a kind of cloth used for bath towels.
teeth: more than one tooth.
taste: to distinguish flavors.
suite: a series of connected rooms.
stake: to risk.
spent: depleted of energy.
split: divide.
yield: to give up ( an advantage, for example) to another in defeat.
youth: the time of life between childhood and maturity.
young: newly begun or formed; not advanced.
write: to spell.
world: the universe.
while: a period of time.
whole: complete.
whose: a possessive who.
which: what particular one or ones?.
wheel: ' I love watching ____ of fortune'.
water: H2O.
watch: to look or observe.
urban: related to city life.
vital: necessary to the continuation of life.